Q1. What is Git?
ans. Git is a popular distributed version control system which was created by Linus Torvalds and maintained by J. Hamano.
	It is Generally used for-
	1.  Tracking the code changes
	2. Tracking of who made the changes and what were the changes(documentation): new version creation.
	3. Coding in collaborative environment.
	
	

Q2. What do you understand by the term 'Version control System'?
ans. It is a system the tracks the records of changes to a file or a set of files over time, these new changes in the source file leads to the creation of 
	new version of the source code that can be recalled when needed.
	


Q3. What is GitHub?
ans. There are generally two types of Git software-
	a) Git Server	b)Git clients
	GitHub is a Git server in which the remote repository(repo) will be created and maintained in the cloud to maintain/store the source code of the projects.
	
	
	
Q4. Mention some popular Git hosting services.
ans. Some popular Git hosting services are as follows:
	a) GitHub
	b) GitLab
	c) Bitbucket
	d) GitBucket
	
	
	
Q5. Different types of version control system.
ans. There are three types of version control system:
	1. Local Version Control System(LVCS).
	2. Centralised Version Control System(CVCS).
	3. Distributed Version Control System(DVCS).
	
	

Q6. What benifits come with using Git?
ans. The benefits of using Git are as follows: 
	1. It doesnt create any system dependency for storing the source code as the code can be stored and maintained in Git Repository.
	2. Helps in creating a collaborative coding environment: where developers(who have access to the repo) can commit and update each other code and integrate their project successfully.
	3. provides detailed tracking and documentation of the source code as of : "who made the changes?","what changes were made?", etc.
	4. provides access to previous source codes in form of versions which can be accessed according to client's demands.
	5. easy to maintain the source code for projects.
	
	
	
Q7. What is Git Repository?
ans. Git repository is a remote storage location in a different computer. It is used to store and maintain source code.Developers who have access to repo can commit and update 
	on source code available in remote/main repository.
	
	

Q8. How can you initialise a repository in Git?
ans. $git init - is used to create workspace in developers system in three stages: a)Working area b)staging area c)local repo.